Update Contribution Docs, and Add Codespaces Docs (#1336)
demisto/content-docs: docs/packs/premium_packs.md

    - In your private repository [open a pull request](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork/) from the created branch → to the repo's Master/Main branch.
    - When the pull request is ready for review, put `xsoar-bot` as assignee and add the label `ready-for-review`. At this point we might ask you to invite and assign someone from the XSOAR content team members to review the pull request.
4. After we receive your pack, it enters the ***Review Phase***, in which we review your pull request and provide feedback/comments. In parallel to the review, we perform an internal validation process for your pack. In order to approve your pull request, the following criteria must be satisfied:
   - Pull request build must pass.
   - Implement all feedback/comments that we provide in the pull request.
   - Internal validation process must pass. If the validation process fails, we will update you and explain why it failed.

> 5. After we approve your pull request you can merge the pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. After we approve your pull request, you can merge the pull request.
```

> The pack is now officially available for purchase in the XSOAR Marketplace!

Author: ```suggestion
The pack is now officially available to download in the Cortex XSOAR Marketplace!
```

> 6. The pack is now officially available for purchase in the XSOAR Marketplace!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pack is now officially available for purchase in the XSOAR Marketplace!
```

This is not a step that needs to be done so there is no need to number it.

> The pack is now officially available to download in the Cortex XSOAR Marketplace!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pack is now officially available to download in Cortex XSOAR Marketplace!
```
